1. Create a html gameboard
2. Create a deck of cards with different types and quantities
3. Shuffle the deck
4. Deal cards to the player and enemy with dynamic rendering
5. Create a dialogue system to display game messages
6. Create a constructor Class for the player and enemy characters
7. Load character information to html elements
8. Function to check first turn based on character SPD
9. Implement delay function to simulate thinking time and loadingtime
10. Implement timer function for player's turn
11. Function to render an "End Turn" button and wait for its click
12. Function to play a card when clicked
13. Function to resolve each card's effect on the player and enemy characters
14. Function to restrict the use of certain card types to once per turn
15. Function that remove html card element from hand during card played
16. Function that placed card into active zone after card played
17. Function that switch turn to enemy after player turn end, and vice versa    
18. Function for enemy AI to resolve card from hand
19. Function that remove html card element from enemy hand during card played
20. Function that placed card into enemy active zone after card played
21. Function that reset the gameboard and start a new game
22. Function that updates HTML and style line for active player's turn indicator
23. HTML and style line for deck count indicator
24. Implement dodged restrictions during player turn
25. Implement dodged restrictions during enemy turn
26. Fix bug that allows player to play card 
27. Function that check win lose
28. Fix but that glitchs the game - countdown timer appear after game is over
29. Function that improve AI decision with healing
30. Function that allow preloaded hand and deck for testing purpose
31. Array that record card play from hand to active zone
32. Array that record card play from active zone to discard pile
33. Refactor code to reduce CheckFirstTurn function and create gameflowmanager function to manage turns
34. implement shortDelay, flowDelay, msgDelay variables to control delay time for different gameflow
35. Implement new game logic bomb which damage both player and enemy, with limitation to once per turn
36. Edit the critical hit card to deal damage based on SPD stats.
37. Implement poison card that damage player at the start of turn, with limitation to once per turn
38. Implement heal card that can heal poison effect
39. Improve card visuals with images and style
40. Hide enemy hand cards




// bug fix to solve after game reset, enemy hand no card and player hand not reset properly
// bug fix enemy AI did not loop properly, card skip (found due to extra splice)

// implement delay control at variables


//16. Function that move card from active zone to discard pile after turn end
//17. Function that record card in discard pile for later reshuffling



